update to A.js Classic EOL warning note (#3936)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/upgrade-to-ajs2.md

Analytics.js 2.0 is fully backward compatible with Analytics.js Classic when you use the default Segment snippet in a standard implementation. To upgrade your sources, follow the manual upgrade steps below, or see the schedule for automatic migration. As with all upgrades, Segment recommends that you start development on a non-production source to test the upgrade process and outcome, prior to upgrading your production sources.

> warning "Deprecation of Analytics.js Classic"

> > Segment ended support and maintenance for Analytics.js Classic on August 31, 2022. On February 28, 2023, Segment will remove access to Analytics.js Classic, and all Analytics.js Classic sources and any other source that is loading Analytics.js Classic will be upgraded to Analytics.js 2.0.

Author: ```suggestion
> Segment ended support and maintenance for Analytics.js Classic on August 31, 2022. On February 28, 2023, Segment will remove access to Analytics.js Classic, and all Analytics.js Classic sources and any other source that is loading Analytics.js Classic will upgrade to Analytics.js 2.0.
```
